Kill ccloud polling (#937)
confluentinc/vscode: CHANGELOG.md

### Changed

> - React to connection state change websocket events pushed from sidecar instead of polling to react
> to sidecar-driven changes to CCLoud and direct connections. Local connection state changes tracked
> through docker event notification.

Reviewer: Minor adjustment to wording:
```suggestion
- CCloud and direct connection status changes are now handled via websocket events pushed from the
  sidecar instead of relying on HTTP polling. (Local connection status changes continue to be
  handled through Docker system events.)
```
